[[https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Xcode/Reference/xcode_markup_formatting_ref/Attention.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40016497-CH29-SW1|Markup Formatting Reference]]
[[https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Xcode/Reference/xcode_markup_formatting_ref/SymbolDocumentation.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40016497-CH51-SW5| Formatting Reference: Formatting Quick Help]]
[[https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Xcode/Reference/xcode_markup_formatting_ref/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40016497-CH2-SW1|MarkupFormatting Reference: Markup Overview]]

Callouts are useful for documenting your swift code. 

Here is a full example that you can paste into xcode.
{{{

/**
 Refills a cup of coffee.

 - Parameters:
   - cup: The cup that needs more coffee.
   - amount: The amount of coffee to pour in ounces.
 - Returns: The updated cup after it has been refilled.
 - Throws: An error if there is not enough coffee left in the pot.
 - Precondition: `amount` must be greater than 0.
 - Postcondition: The returned cup contains more coffee than before, unless it was already full.
 */
func refill(_ cup: CoffeeCup, with amount: Double) throws -> CoffeeCup {
    precondition(amount > 0, "Amount must be greater than 0.")

    // implementation
}

}}}
 


Inside a comment you can use the following syntax which results in formatted Quick Help.

{{{ 
    * | + | - Attention: description
    optional continuation of description
}}}



/**
  An example of using the attention field
 
  - Attention: What I if told you
  you read this line wrong?
 */
 
}}}

== Matt's top callouts ==
1. Attention
2. Note
3. Precondition
4. Postcondition
5. Warning
6. Example
7. Complexity
8. ToDo

== All Valid Callout Names ==
Attention
Author
Authors
Bug
Complexity
Copyright
Custom Callout
Date
Example
Experiment
Important
Invariant
Note
Precondition
Postcondition
Remark
Requires
See Also
Since
Version
Warning
 
